com/example/covidapp/ui/AddEvent.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.AddEvent
com/example/covidapp/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/example/covidapp/WhatsOpen.java
 com.example.covidapp.WhatsOpen
com/example/covidapp/ui/diary/MyDiaryEventViewHolder.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.diary.MyDiaryEventViewHolder
com/example/covidapp/ui/eventlist/adapter/EventViewHolder.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.eventlist.adapter.EventViewHolder
com/example/covidapp/WellBeing.java
 com.example.covidapp.WellBeing
com/example/covidapp/ui/feedback/Feedback.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.feedback.Feedback
com/example/covidapp/databinding/OpenClosedBinding.java
 com.example.covidapp.databinding.OpenClosedBinding
com/example/covidapp/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.SecondFragment
 com.example.covidapp.SecondFragment$1
com/example/covidapp/ui/home/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.home.dashboard.DashboardFragment
com/example/covidapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.covidapp.LoginActivity
com/example/covidapp/ui/information/InformationFragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.information.InformationFragment
com/example/covidapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.covidapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/covidapp/KeepFit.java
 com.example.covidapp.KeepFit
com/example/covidapp/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
com/example/covidapp/ui/diary/EventList_Diary.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.diary.EventList_Diary
com/example/covidapp/data/local/EventDataSource.java
 com.example.covidapp.data.local.EventDataSource
com/example/covidapp/listener/FavoriteEventItemClickListener.java
 com.example.covidapp.listener.FavoriteEventItemClickListener
com/example/covidapp/ui/usernavigation/NavigationFragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.usernavigation.NavigationFragment
com/example/covidapp/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
com/example/covidapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.covidapp.BuildConfig
com/example/covidapp/listener/IBoredListener.java
 com.example.covidapp.listener.IBoredListener
com/example/covidapp/MapFragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.MapFragment
com/example/covidapp/ui/diary/MyDiaryEventAdapter.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.diary.MyDiaryEventAdapter
 com.example.covidapp.ui.diary.MyDiaryEventAdapter$1
com/example/covidapp/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.covidapp.SplashActivity
 com.example.covidapp.SplashActivity$1
com/example/covidapp/databinding/ContentSignUpBinding.java
 com.example.covidapp.databinding.ContentSignUpBinding
com/example/covidapp/ui/Pop.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.Pop
com/example/covidapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.covidapp.MainActivity
 com.example.covidapp.MainActivity$1
com/example/covidapp/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.FirstFragment
 com.example.covidapp.FirstFragment$1
com/example/covidapp/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/covidapp/ui/Preferences.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.Preferences
 com.example.covidapp.ui.Preferences$1
 com.example.covidapp.ui.Preferences$2
 com.example.covidapp.ui.Preferences$3
 com.example.covidapp.ui.Preferences$4
 com.example.covidapp.ui.Preferences$5
com/example/covidapp/Information.java
 com.example.covidapp.Information
com/example/covidapp/databinding/SettingsBinding.java
 com.example.covidapp.databinding.SettingsBinding
com/example/covidapp/utils/AlertDialogHandler.java
 com.example.covidapp.utils.AlertDialogHandler
 com.example.covidapp.utils.AlertDialogHandler$1
com/example/covidapp/SignUp.java
 com.example.covidapp.SignUp
com/example/covidapp/ui/diary/MyDiary.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.diary.MyDiary
com/example/covidapp/ui/eventlist/adapter/EventAdapter.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.eventlist.adapter.EventAdapter
 com.example.covidapp.ui.eventlist.adapter.EventAdapter$1
 com.example.covidapp.ui.eventlist.adapter.EventAdapter$2
com/example/covidapp/ui/homeFragment/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.homeFragment.HomeFragment
com/example/covidapp/listener/EventItemClickListener.java
 com.example.covidapp.listener.EventItemClickListener
com/example/covidapp/databinding/FeedbackBinding.java
 com.example.covidapp.databinding.FeedbackBinding
com/example/covidapp/ui/home/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.home.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/covidapp/Schedule.java
 com.example.covidapp.Schedule
 com.example.covidapp.Schedule$1
com/example/covidapp/settings/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.covidapp.settings.SettingsActivity
com/example/covidapp/ui/eventlist/EventList_Fragment.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.eventlist.EventList_Fragment
 com.example.covidapp.ui.eventlist.EventList_Fragment$1
com/example/covidapp/data/local/Event.java
 com.example.covidapp.data.local.Event
 com.example.covidapp.data.local.Event$1
com/example/covidapp/ui/eventlist/TestActivity.java
 com.example.covidapp.ui.eventlist.TestActivity
